Kubeamd updates for Windows and Containerd (#32862)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/adding-windows-nodes.md

    kube-system   kube-flannel-ds-54954                     1/1          Running   0          1m
    ```

### Joining a Windows worker node

{{< note >}}
All code snippets in Windows sections are to be run in a PowerShell environment
with elevated permissions (Administrator) on the Windows worker node unless otherwise noted.
{{< /note >}}

{{< tabs name="tab-windows-kubeadm-runtime-installation" >}}

> {{% tab name="CRI-containerD" %}}

Reviewer: Why the name `CRI-containerD`? That's not how most people name that container runtime.

Author: I am not sure. This tab existed prior and I moved it.  Should we rename it to simply `containerd`?

Reviewer 2: I think I might have added this (or maybe it was Patrick).
We can just call it containerd like everywhere else.

> ### Intro

Reviewer: We never have a heading “introduction” in our documentation. Actual introductory text should appear before the first heading at `<h2>` level.

Please reword this heading. Alternatively, you can list prerequisites under the Prerequisites heading (line 20 ish).

> The following instructions are require HostProcess container support with Kubernetes 1.22+.  If you do not support HostProcess containers in you cluster you can install Flannel and kube-proxy as windows services directly on the host.  

Reviewer: This isn't idiomatic English; also, the emphasis on Flannel is problematic (see other comments). Do we need this extra text here?

> The Before running any of these step the Windows node should have the following Windows Features installed: `Containers`,`Hyper-V`,`Hyper-V-PowerShell`.  These can be installed using the Powershell `Install-WindowsFeature` command.

Reviewer: You can list prerequisites under the Prerequisites heading (line 20 ish). Also, PowerShell has a capital `S`.

{{< note >}}

> The following instructions are the manual steps to configure nodes. You can use the [image-builder](https://image-builder.sigs.k8s.io/capi/windows/windows.html) used as part of the Cluster Api project implements the following along with other optimizations.

Reviewer: This isn't the right place to introduce the cluster API.

I would mention Cluster API in the What's Next section of that page, or under https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/

{{< /note >}}

> #### Install containerD

Reviewer: Can this be a third-level heading?

> Follow the instructions for [installing the Containerd runtime on Windows using powershell](../../../setup/production-environment/container-runtimes.md#containerd)

Reviewer: Don't use `..` in hyperlinks. Use site-relative paths.

> #### Install kubelet

Reviewer: Can this be a third-level heading?

> Kubeadm sets some flags via a environment file.  To support this it is common to use [nssm](https://nssm.cc/) to configure kubelet.  To install nssm do the following:

Reviewer: `nssm` is third-party software; this will need a third party software disclaimer.

Consider using [tabs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#tabs) to explain the approach without `nssm` and the approach where it is used; default to the “without” approach because `nssm` is not part of Kubernetes.

Avoid recommending that readers create a directory `k` directly under `C:\`; this does not represent good practice.

``` powershell
mkdir c:\k
$arch = "win64"
curl.exe -L https://k8stestinfrabinaries.blob.core.windows.net/nssm-mirror/nssm-2.24.zip -o nssm.zip
tar.exe C c:\k\ -xvf .\nssm.zip --strip-components 2 */$arch/*.exe

> ```

Reviewer: We should hyperlink to https://nssm.cc/download and recommend that readers follow the external tool's docs on how to download and install it. I believe that https://nssm.cc/release/nssm-2.24.zip is the canonical download URI for v2.24

We really should not be recommending to readers that they download and run tools from noncanonical sources. SIG Security have **opinions** on this and I believe those opinions are similar to “yeah, don't do that”.

Next we will set `$KubernetesVersion` to the desired version (ex: `$KubernetesVersion="v1.24.0"`), and then run the following commands to install kubelet:

> ``` powerShell

Reviewer: For code formatting, write `powershell` all-lowercase.

Reviewer 2: and I think no space after the backticks? (or maybe that doesn't matter)

curl.exe -L https://dl.k8s.io/$KubernetesVersion/bin/windows/amd64/kubelet.exe -o c:\k\kubelet.exe

@"
# Start file needed to support kubeadm extra args

> `$FileContent = Get-Content -Path "/var/lib/kubelet/kubeadm-flags.env"

Reviewer: Is `/var/lib/kubelet/kubeadm-flags.env` definitely the right path to use here?

`$kubeAdmArgs = `$FileContent.TrimStart(`'KUBELET_KUBEADM_ARGS=`').Trim(`'"`')

`$args = "--cert-dir=`$env:SYSTEMDRIVE/var/lib/kubelet/pki",
        "--config=`$env:SYSTEMDRIVE/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml",
        "--bootstrap-kubeconfig=`$env:SYSTEMDRIVE/etc/kubernetes/bootstrap-kubelet.conf",
        "--kubeconfig=`$env:SYSTEMDRIVE/etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf",
        "--hostname-override=$(hostname)",
        "--enable-debugging-handlers",
        "--cgroups-per-qos=false",
        "--enforce-node-allocatable=``"``"",
        "--resolv-conf=``"``""

`$kubeletCommandLine = "c:\k\kubelet.exe " + (`$args -join " ") + " `$kubeAdmArgs"
Invoke-Expression `$kubeletCommandLine
"@ | Set-Content -Path c:\k\Start-kubelet.ps1

c:\k\nssm.exe install kubelet Powershell -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -NoProfile c:\k\Start-kubelet.ps1
c:\k\nssm.exe set Kubelet AppStdout C:\k\kubelet.log
c:\k\nssm.exe set Kubelet AppStderr C:\k\kubelet.err.log 
```

> We need to open a firewall port:

Reviewer: - Please [address the reader as you](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#address-the-reader-as-you).
- Allow TCP traffic to the kubelet from the API server
   - Allowing traffic from anywhere might not be as secure as readers imagine; the page should explain how to restrict that traffic to the API server hosts only, or caution the reader about the risks this implies.

```
New-NetFirewallRule -Name kubelet -DisplayName 'kubelet' -Enabled True -Direction Inbound -Protocol TCP -Action Allow -LocalPort 10250
```

> Verify kubelet is installed with `Get-service kubelet`.  Kubeadm will start kubelet during joining the node. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that kubelet is installed, by running `Get-Service kubelet`.  The kubeadm tool starts the kubelet during the node join process. The output from `Get-Service` is similar to:
```

```

> Get-Service kubelet

Reviewer: Don't include the command in the sample output.

Status   Name     DisplayName
------   ----     -----------
Stopped  kubelet  kubelet
```

> #### Install kubeadm

Reviewer: Can this be a third-level heading?

> Start a Powershell session, set `$KubernetesVersion` to the desired version (ex: `$KubernetesVersion="v1.24.0"`), and then run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start a PowerShell session. Set `$KubernetesVersion` to the desired version (for example: `$KubernetesVersion="v1.24.0"`), and then run the following commands:
```

```
curl.exe -L https://dl.k8s.io/$KubernetesVersion/bin/windows/amd64/kubeadm.exe -o c:\k\kubeadm.exe
```

> #### Run `kubeadm` to join the node

Reviewer: Can this be a third-level heading?

> 

Reviewer: This should mention that the example uses containerd.

Use the command that was given to you when you ran `kubeadm init` on a control plane host. You will need to add  `--cri-socket "npipe:////./pipe/containerd-containerd"` to tell kubeadm to use the correct containerd pipe.

The command will look like:

```
 ./kubeadm.exe join 10.240.0.10:6443 --token <your token> --discovery-token-ca-cert-hash sha256:<your hash> --cri-socket "npipe:////./pipe/containerd-containerd" 
```

If you no longer have this command, or the token has expired, you can run `kubeadm token create --print-join-command`
(on a control plane host) to generate a new token and join command.

> #### Install Flannel CNI DaemonSet

Reviewer: - Because Flannel is not part of Kubernetes, this doesn't comply with our content guide. Please read https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/05/third-party-dual-sourced-content/ for context.
  Make sure to include the relevant third-party shortcode as part of this page rewrite.
- Setting up networking is not specific to containerd, so this advice seems to be in the wrong place.

We will leverage host-process containers to run flannel as a DaemonSet:

```
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/latest/download/flannel-overlay-hpc.yml
```

#### Install kube-proxy DaemonSet

> We will leverage host-process containers to run kube-proxy as a DaemonSet.  This can be run from any Linux machine that has kubectl installed with its context configured to your new cluster.

Reviewer: - Please [address the reader as you](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#address-the-reader-as-you).
- Setting up networking is not specific to containerd, so this advice seems to be in the wrong place.
- Can you run `kubectl` on Windows, or does it require Linux?

``` powershell

> curl -L https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/latest/download/kube-proxy-flannel-hpc.yml | sed 's/KUBERNETES_VERSION/v1.23.5/g' | kubectl apply -f -

Reviewer 2: Should we have a floating image tag for latest patch release for each minor version (in addition to a tag for each major/minor/patch)? 

If we do that we can use `v{{< skew currentVersion >}}` instead of hardcoding the K8s version to use in the sec command here.

> curl -L https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/latest/download/kube-proxy-flannel-hpc.yml | sed 's/KUBERNETES_VERSION/v1.23.5/g' | kubectl apply -f -

Reviewer: Avoid recommending that readers fetch things using `curl` and then apply those manifests to production clusters.
If there's no reasonable alternative, explain that readers should verify the manifest before they apply it.

.\PrepareNode.ps1 -KubernetesVersion {{< param "fullversion" >}}
```

> #### Add Windows Flannel and kube-proxy DaemonSets

Reviewer: - Because Flannel is not part of Kubernetes, this doesn't comply with our content guide. Please read https://kubernetes.io/blog/2020/05/third-party-dual-sourced-content/ for context.
  Make sure to include the relevant third-party shortcode as part of this page rewrite.
- Setting up networking is not specific to containerd, so this advice seems to be in the wrong place.
- Overall, it might be better to link to the Flannel docs about how to set that up on a Windows node.
  - If those docs don't exist, make them (in the Flannel docs) and then hyperlink to the page you made.

Now you can add Windows-compatible versions of Flannel and kube-proxy. In order
to ensure that you get a compatible version of kube-proxy, you'll need to substitute
the tag of the image. The following example shows usage for Kubernetes {{< param "fullversion" >}},

> but you should adjust the version for your own deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
however, if you are running a different version of Kubernetes, you should consult the
documentation for that release instead.
```

```bash
curl -L https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/latest/download/kube-proxy.yml | sed 's/VERSION/{{< param "fullversion" >}}/g' | kubectl apply -f -

> kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/latest/download/flannel-overlay.yml

Reviewer: Avoid recommending that readers fetch things using `curl` and then apply those manifests to production clusters.
If there's no reasonable alternative, explain that readers should verify the manifest before they apply it.

```
{{< note >}}
If you're using host-gateway use https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/sig-windows-tools/releases/latest/download/flannel-host-gw.yml instead
{{< /note >}}

{{< note >}}
If you're using a different interface rather than Ethernet (i.e. "Ethernet0 2") on the Windows nodes, you have to modify the line:

```powershell

> wins cli process run --path /k/flannel/setup.exe --args "--mode=overlay --interface=Ethernet"

Reviewer: Avoid recommending that readers create a directory `k` directly under `C:\`; this does not represent good practice.
